CRTX-157106 - Commvault Backup Solutions (#41406)
demisto/content: Packs/CommvaultBackupSolutions/README.md

### Cortex XSIAM side - Custom - HTTP based Collector

1. Navigate to **Settings** -> **Data Sources** -> **Add Data Source**.
2. If you have already configured a **Custom - HTTP based Collector**, select the **3 dots**, and then select **+ Add New Instance**. If not, select **+ Add Data Source**, search for "http" and then select **Connect**.
3. Set the following values:

    | Parameter    | Value                                                                                                                                           |
    |:-------------|:-------------------------------------------|
    | `Name`        |  `<Vendor>` `<Product>` Logs           |
    | `Compression` | uncompressed     |
    | `Log Format`  | JSON     |
    | `Vendor`      | commvault                     |
    | `Product`     | backupsolution                    |

4. Creating a new HTTP Log Collector will allow you to generate a unique token, please save it since it will be used later.
5. Click the 3 dots sign next to the newly created instance and copy the API Url, it will also be used later.

> For more information, see this [doc](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Documentation/Set-up-an-HTTP-Log-Collector-to-Receive-Logs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Set up an HTTP log collector to receive logs](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-3.x-Documentation/Set-up-an-HTTP-log-collector-to-receive-logs).
```
